hello you heard the names like a burn
the plane I Stay Puft it's a scam when
the foreland I'm calling for you to take
a jump in a wrap my Thank You vana to
the different place where we can't get
there but every need I feed my baby and
I ain't talking simply wax it right back
Jordan show up on old parolees in the
castle ations Hollis babe Italy to top
the body language could be your
conversation no get to play in debate
unit we compatible it's true that this
other dudes ain't fit for you like baggy
clothes so we could go to blue no can
make it hurt bro we can do that you know
he make it hard Thank You pants laughing
I'm please try your position
see what you think you show you the big
dip but we don't need a kitchen these
guys seem surprised with her living
gonna laugh baby cuz when I fly your pit
my riders unidentified you're the most
valuable have to skip the playoffs the
stone is shooting for you make a wish
when we take your falling from the sky
you know my spaceship I take it to the
spam falling from the sky cuz you more
but I'm a star
we are not disabled from another planet
when I grub holy gotta really do is
landing it's nothing planning know baby
I know you love my sweat that has skill
to steal your little heart like I'm a
fucking bitch would you fly than the
rest of them guys yours gee that's not
me they pelican fly the hell with the
mud I gotta wear a friend named I loan
to make the ignition like r kelly and i
probably nothing you've ever seen or
expected or something you betcha let me
preach like a reverend wake up and
second ya just bring dog regular girls
of apenas heat you won't be about to
take off oh sure
you are main squeeze do not leave me
hanging i do not look like hussain
please from the sky get your telescope
his hind landing look surprised
deep-fried baseball from the sky my
spaceship i take it to the south falling
from the sky girl you know but I'm a
star my spaceship I'll take you to the
spell
from the start
falling from the sky girl you know that
I'm a spell and we all my spaceship I
take you to the style falling from the
sky girl you know but I'm a star come
dear my spaceship I take you to the
station to sit us down